Resume
Carly Elizabeth Godwin
938 W Cleveland St #204 Fayetteville, AR 72701 | (405) 837-7909 |
godwinc@uark.edu

EDUCATION
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE | THE UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA
	December 2012 – August 2016
	Major: Botany
	Senior thesis: “Temperature stressed seed germination across
Oklahoma seaside alder,
	Alnus maritima spp. oklahomensis, populations” 
	Advisor: Dr. Phil Gibson
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE AGRICULTURE | OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY
	August 2018 – December 2019
	Major: Plant and Soil Sciences
	Option: Plant Biotechnology and Improvement
	Senior thesis: “Genetic Identity and Diversity Among Experimental
	and Commercial Cultivars of Vegetatively Propagated Turf
	Bermudagrass as Assessed with SSR Markers"
	Advisor: Dr. Yanqi Wu

RESEARCH
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE
	- Worked as an undergraduate RA at the University of Oklahoma aiding
	  in the collection of ecological data for research on Alnus
	  maritima ssp. oklahomensis under the instruction of Dr. Phil 
	  Gibson and graduate student Cassie Ehardt. 
PERSONAL RESEARCH
	- Temperature stressed seed germination across Oklahoma seaside
	  alder, Alnus maritima ssp. oklahomensis, populations. In this 
	  research I found statistical significance in that one of the 
	  collection sites had a lower “high” germination temperature. 
	- Leaf abscission of Maclura pomifera in relation with closeness to
	  ligustrum sinense. In this research I found no statistical
	  significance.
	- Arabidopsis with a mutation at the AT5G39020 locus using different
	  phenotype isolated experiments to determine if there were any 
	  connections to this locus. In this research I found that the 9020
	  mutant had phenotypes relating to growth in ABA media and 
	  blue-light. 
	- Genetic relatedness of vegetatively propagated turf Bermudagrass
	  experimental and commercial varieties to determine creation of a
	  new genetic variety for aid when applying for patent.

FIELD EXPERIENCE
	- Worked in the field at the blue river in Tishomingo, Oklahoma
      gathering data on populations of Alnus maritima ssp. Oklahomensis
	  alongside graduate student, Cassie Ehardt at the University 
	  of Oklahoma. 
	- Worked in the field and at the green house at the Oklahoma State
	  University agronomy station. 
LAB EXPERIENCE
	- Worked in the lab as a research assistant preparing specimens for
	  data collection and gathering data at the University of Oklahoma
	- Worked in the Oklahoma State University turfgrass breeding lab
	  conducting DNA isolation, SSR replications, and reading LiCor 
	  gel screens. 
 
SCHOLARAHIPS 
	- Sitlington Undergraduate Research Scholarship
	- James A. and Hattie Barker something scholarship
	- Robert M. Reed Plant and Soil Sciences scholarship
AWARDS
	2nd place:  OSU Annual Plant and Soil Science Research Poster
				Symposium. Stillwater, OK (Spring2019)
	3rd place:  ASA-CSSA-SSSA International Annual Meeting. San Antonio,
				TX (Fall 2019) 
				SASES Undergraduate Research Contest 
				Poster II (Crop Science)

PUBLICATIONS
In Review
	Godwin, C.E., Wu, Y.Q., Fang, T (2020) “Genetic Identity and
	Diversity among Experimental and Commercial Cultivars of 
	Vegetatively Propagated Turf Bermudagrass as Assessed with SSR
	Markers”. 

SKILLS
	- Ability to work outside in the field gathering data and making
	  observations
	- Knowledge of incubation techniques with seed germination
	- Experience with rapid tissue grinder machine as well as mortar and
	  pestle grinding techniques
	- Ability to accurately use a micropipette under sterile conditions
	- Experience with a scanning electron microscope
	- Extensive use of instruments in the field to take ecological and
	  specimen measurements such as calipers, soil moisture meters, 
	  pH meters, and light meters
	- Experience with statistical analysis software such as JMP11
	- Experience with taking measurements using FIJI and imageJ software
	- Ability to grow and maintain healthy seed grown or vegetatively
	  propagated plant specimens 
	- Experience with DNA isolation using fresh tissue samples
	- Ability to follow SSR and PCR protocol
	- Ability to create, run and read LiCor 4300 DNA gel screens
